Lucy, wake up, wake up
Ruse Ruse Ruse
Mr. Guo
Go to the nearest hospital
Mr. Gu, don't worry too much
check
This car is obviously coming for us
Mr. Gu, don't worry.
I happened to come across their Taobao when I came.
I wrote down the license plate number
I'll check it now
Doctor, how is he?
Don't worry, he's just a minor concussion and abrasion.
The internal organs have just been checked
There was no bleeding.
Pretty lucky
Then he bled from the impact on the abdomen
Because he is pregnant
Pregnant, you husband
Don't you know that?
You are too careless.
Then the child is saved.
But he was just two months pregnant
This is the most unstable time
Be sure to pay attention in the future
I'm going out first
Call me again
The night I spent with him for two months
But he obviously took birth control pills
It belongs to his husband.